Preserve insertion order for extra dict items in assertion output (#14066)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/13503.bugfix.rst

> Preserved insertion order for extra dictionary items in assertion failure output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display dictionary differences in assertion failures using the original key insertion order instead of sorted order.
```
